:xrefstyle: full
:sectnums:
:sectnumlevels: 2

[role="pagenumrestart"]

// Complete but for some late revision
include::chapters/01-intro.ad[]

// Complete, reviewed, revised
include::chapters/02-java-to-kotlin-projects.ad[]

// Complete, reviewed, revised
include::chapters/03-java-to-kotlin-classes.ad[]

// Complete, reviewed, revised
include::chapters/04-optional-to-nullable.ad[]

// Complete, reviewed, revised
include::chapters/05-beans-to-values.ad[]

// Complete, reviewed, revised
include::chapters/06-java-to-kotlin-collections.ad[]

// Complete, reviewed, revised
include::chapters/07-actions-to-calculations.ad[]

// Complete, reviewed, revised
include::chapters/08-static-methods-to-top-level-functions.ad[]

// Complete, reviewed, revised
include::chapters/09-functions-to-extension-functions.ad[]

// Complete, reviewed, revised
include::chapters/10-methods-to-properties.ad[]

// Complete, reviewed, revised
include::chapters/11-streams-to-sequences.ad[]

// Complete, reviewed, revised
include::chapters/12-accumulating-objects-to-transformations.ad[]

// In progress, may not make the cut
include::chapters/13-builders-to-data-classes.ad[]

// Complete, reviewed, but needs revision
include::chapters/14-encapsulated-collections-to-typealiases.ad[]

// Needs some trimming
include::chapters/15-interfaces-to-functions.ad[]

// In progress, probably won't make the cut
include::chapters/16-subclasses-to-composition.ad[]

// Complete, reviewed
include::chapters/17-open-to-sealed-classes.ad[]

// Complete, reviewed, needs revision
include::chapters/18-exceptions-to-errors.ad[]

// In progress, some work to do
include::chapters/19-partial-to-total-functions.ad[]

// Complete, reviewed
include::chapters/20-multi-to-single-expression-functions.ad[]

// Complete: needs review
include::chapters/21-immediate-to-gradual-translation.ad[]

// Complete
include::chapters/22-performing-io-to-passing-data.ad[]

// Complete, reviewed, needs revision
include::chapters/23-bonus-error-handling.ad[]

// Complete, reviewed, needs revision
include::chapters/24-classes-to-data.ad[]

// New -- very rough notes
include::chapters/25-continuing-the-journey.ad[]

include::bibliography.ad[]
